README.md, before:

~~~
Author: William Myers
Partner: none
Start Date: September 3, 2024
Course: CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID: WMyee123
Repo: https://github.com/WMyee123/SpreadSheet/tree/master
Commit date: September 6, 2024
Solution: Spreadsheet
Copyright: CS 3500 and William Myers - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework

# Overview of Spreadsheet functionality

The Spreadsheet program is currently capable of forming and reading a formula provided to it, 
given that the formula provided is valid given the rules of a standard math equation. It is also 
capable of finding the variables present within the formula, along with getting a string 
representation of the formula, without any additional spaces or unnecessary aspects present in 
this representation. It also tests this functionality such that it is capable of functioning without 
the program breaking due to a formula passed in that was unexpected.

# Time Expenditures
	Assignment 1: Time Expected - 15		Time Spent - 8
	Assignment 2: Time Expected - 15		Time Spent - 12
	Assignment 3: Time Expected - 16		Time Spent - 11
	Assignment 4: Time Expected - 13		Time Spent - 
~~~

Commit message:

Finalized and Commented Tests and Code, added to the READMEs and ensured quality in code

README.md, after:

~~~
Author: William Myers
Partner: none
Start Date: September 3, 2024
Course: CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID: WMyee123
Repo: https://github.com/WMyee123/SpreadSheet/tree/master
Commit date: September 6, 2024
Solution: Spreadsheet
Copyright: CS 3500 and William Myers - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework


# Overview of Spreadsheet functionality

The Spreadsheet program is currently capable of forming and reading a formula provided to it, 
given that the formula provided is valid given the rules of a standard math equation. It is also 
capable of finding the variables present within the formula, along with getting a string 
representation of the formula, without any additional spaces or unnecessary aspects present in 
this representation. It also tests this functionality such that it is capable of functioning without 
the program breaking due to a formula passed in that was unexpected. 

It also allows for evalutaion of the formula submitted, as well as comparison between multiple formulas or
types when desired for the purpose of representing data in this manner. The program is also able to convert 
the formula into a new hash code that represents a unique formula, with each formula having a different hashcode 
relative to one another.


# Time Expenditures
	Assignment 1: Time Expected - 15		Time Spent - 8
	Assignment 2: Time Expected - 15		Time Spent - 12
	Assignment 3: Time Expected - 16		Time Spent - 11
	Assignment 4: Time Expected - 13		Time Spent - 17
~~~
